New post: GeyserMC (#38)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/minecraft/plugins/2021-08-08-geysermc.md

title:  "GeyserMC"
categories: Minecraft
tags: plugins
permalink: /minecraft/plugins/geysermc/
---

<div class="install-plugin">
    <img style="border-radius: 7px;" src="../../../assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/plugin.png">
    <p>GeyserMC</p>
    <a href="https://ci.opencollab.dev//job/GeyserMC/job/Geyser/job/master/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bootstrap/spigot/target/Geyser-Spigot.jar">Download this Plugin</a>
</div>

# How to make a cross-platform server

## What is GeyserMC?
Geyser is a proxy that allows Minecraft bedrock clients to join Minecraft Java servers.

## How does it work?
Geyser translates all the incoming and outgoing packets between the client and the server.

## Prerequisites

- Make sure your server has the latest Minecraft java edition version (currently 1.17.1)
- Your bedrock client has to be a supported version (currently 1.17 / 1.17.1 / 1.17.2 )

# Setting up GeyserMC

1. Set up the server, you can use spigot or any of its forks, we recommend using Purpur or Paper.
2. Open the file manager.
3. Find and open a folder called "plugins".
4. Upload the plugin you downloaded, you can find the download link at the top of this page.
5. Restart the server.

> 6. Go back to the plugins folder, you should see that a new folder was generated, it is usually called "Geyser-Spigot".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Go back to the "plugins" folder, you should see that a new folder was generated, it is usually named "Geyser-Spigot".
```

> 7. Open it then click on "config.yml".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Open the folder and click on "config.yml".
```

|port:                  |Replace this with your server's port, you can get your port from the "networks" tab in the game panel. |

![Image](../../../assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/1.png)

## Remote:

|Variable               |Description                                                        |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|address:               |Leave this as "auto"                                               |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|port:                  |Replace this with your server's port, you can get your port from the "networks" tab in the game panel. |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|auth-type:             |Authentication type. Can be offline, online, or [floodgate](https://github.com/GeyserMC/Geyser/wiki/Floodgate), choose "offline" if you want cracked accounts to join your server.

![Image](../../../assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/2.png)

9. Click on "Save" once you are done.

> 10. Restart your server.

Reviewer: It was always "the server", so to stay consistent, either change everything in this file to "your server" or keep "the server".
```suggestion
10. Restart the server.
```

> 11. Done! you have successfully set up GeyserMC!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Done! You have successfully set up GeyserMC!
```

---
layout: post
title:  "GeyserMC"
categories: Minecraft

> tags: Plugins

Reviewer 2: This needs to be started with a lowercase 'p', please change `Plugins` to `plugins`.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86360684/128650666-00940788-2a9d-45a5-85d6-e10a93c286f2.png)

in the README.md file it shows a capital letter, please change it to a lower case letter.

Reviewer 2: The article won't show up at all in the help center if you don't use a lowercase p.

Author: I am talking about this https://github.com/FalixNodes-Software/help-center#%EF%B8%8F-metadata

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/FalixNodes-Software/help-center/blob/main/_posts/minecraft/plugins/2021-06-25-tabs.md#:~:text=Minecraft-,plugins,-/minecraft/plugins/tabs

permalink: /minecraft/plugins/geysermc/
---

<div class="install-plugin">

>     <img style="border-radius: 7px;" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FalixNodes-Software/help-center/main/assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/plugin.png">

Reviewer 3: The path for this image should be `../../../assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/plugin.png`. The same things goes for all images throughout the article.

    <p>GeyserMC</p>

>     <a href="https://ci.opencollab.dev//job/GeyserMC/job/Geyser/job/master/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/bootstrap/spigot/target/Geyser-Spigot.jar">Download this Plugin</a>

Reviewer 3: I would change the download link to `https://ci.opencollab.dev//job/GeyserMC/job/Geyser/job/master/` as some people don't have spigot as their server software.

Author: This article is mainly for spigot and it's forks, it doesn't matter if it has spigot in its name it works for paper, purpur and other forks aswell

</div>

# How to make a cross-platform server

## What is GeyserMC?

> Geyser is a proxy, bridging the gap between Minecraft: Bedrock Edition and Minecraft: Java Edition servers. The ultimate goal of this project is to allow Minecraft: Bedrock Edition users to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers as seamlessly as possible to allow for true cross-platform.

Reviewer 3: This entire text was copied from `https://geysermc.org/`. Please create your own description for GeyserMC, as we don't want trouble for plagiarizing.

## How does it work?

> Geyser is a middleware, which translates all the incoming and outgoing packets. With this being said, Geyser works as a standalone proxy, meaning you can use it to join any modern Minecraft Java server. Geyser can also be installed on your server as a plugin, so you can easily make your server compatible with Minecraft: Bedrock Edition.

Reviewer 3: This entire text was also copied from `https://geysermc.org/`. Please create your own explanation for how GeyserMC works, as we don't want trouble for plagiarizing.

## Prerequisites

> ```

Reviewer 3: I believe the prerequisites would look better in an unordered list. You can achieve this in markdown by using "-".

Your bedrock client has to be a supported version (currently 1.17 / 1.17.1 / 1.17.2 )
```

# Setting up GeyserMC

1. Set up the server, you can use spigot or any of its forks, we recommend using Purpur or Paper.
2. Open the file manager.
3. Find and open a folder called "plugins".
4. Upload the plugin you downloaded, you can find the download link at the top of this page.
5. Restart the server.
6. Go back to the plugins folder, you should see that a new folder was generated, it is usually called "Geyser-Spigot".
7. Open it then click on "config.yml".
8. Follow the table below and change as needed.

## Bedrock:

|Variable               |Description                                                        |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|address:               |Leave it as 0.0.0.0                                                |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|port:                  |Replace this with your server's port, you can get your port from the "networks" tab in the game panel. |

> ![Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FalixNodes-Software/help-center/main/assets/images/posts/plugins/geysermc/1.png)

Reviewer: https://github.com/FalixNodes-Software/help-center/pull/38#discussion_r684782595

## Remote:

|Variable               |Description                                                        |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|address:               |Leave this as "auto"                                               |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
|port:                  |Replace this with your server's port, you can get your port from the "networks" tab in the game panel. |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

> |auth-type:             |Authentication type. Can be offline, online, or [floodgate](https://github.com/GeyserMC/Geyser/wiki/Floodgate), choose "offline" if you want cracked accounts (Tlauncher) to join your server.

Reviewer 3: I also think that you shouldn't mention other Minecraft clients that allow users to play Minecraft for free. We do not support piracy.
